plugins: add request-callout caching paragraph (#2151)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/request-callout/index.md

headers such as `Content-Type` and `Host`.

If you need to forward only a subset of headers, you can reinsert a custom list of headers 
using the [`config.upstream.headers.custom`](./reference/#schema--config-upstream-headers-custom) configuration parameter.

## Caching

> The Request Callout plugin supports caching of callout requests; globally, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Request Callout plugin supports caching of callout requests. Globally, the 
```

> behavior is configured via the `cache` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behavior is configured via the [`config.cache`](/plugins/request-callout/reference/#schema--config-cache) setting.
```

> ### Cache Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cache key
```

The callout cache key is the SHA-256 of the following proxy request and callout 
request components:

> - Proxy Request:
>   * Route ID
>   * Plugin ID
>   * Consumer ID (if a consumed is set)
>   * Consumer groups (if at least one consumer group exists)
> - Callout Request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proxy request:
  * Route ID
  * Plugin ID
  * Consumer ID (if a Consumer is set)
  * Consumer Groups (if at least one Consumer Group exists)
- Callout request:
```

  * Callout name
  * HTTP method
  * Callout URL
  * Callout query params (sorted by key name)
  * Callout headers (sorted by header name)
  * Callout request body (sorted by key name, if a key-value format like JSON is 
    used)

> Note that only callout request query and headers are part of the cache key; 
> incoming proxy request headers and query params are not. If callout headers and 
> query params have a `forward` flag set, then incoming request headers and query 
> params are forwarded in the callout requets, causing them to be part of the 
> cache key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.info}
> By default, only callout request query and headers are part of the cache key, 
and incoming proxy request headers and query params are not.
If callout headers and query params have a `forward` flag set, then incoming request headers and query params are forwarded in the callout requests, causing them to be part of the 
cache key.
```
